Divorce I divorce him
He doesn't deserve to be my Autonavi's wife
I'm getting married
Li Feng, who are you with?
Kick him out of the Gao family
You are serious, miss
Trust me.
Hello
Didn't I tell you I was on business?
Dad, I'm out of money
Prodigal house
I just gave you 3 million last month
Hold on for me first
And what I told you yesterday, you better take it to heart
Woman, you can play whatever you want
It doesn't matter if it takes human lives
But you have to plug your own butt
Do you hear me?
Oh miss
Hey just now
So where was I?
Did you say you want a divorce?
Yes, yes, yes, divorce.
I'll go back and kick him out of port
Neighbor Miss An enters the door
When the time comes, our two families will join forces
Don't say Jiang Shen
Even if he is not a god
It's all in the hands of our two families
Okay, but I have one more request
You said I wanted him out of the house
Because after we got married?
An Jia and Gao Jia are one family
I don't want an outsider to take our belongings
No problem. There's more.
Your son is a troublemaker.
Still an outsider
The children born must also be expelled from the Taoist family
Only our two children can inherit the family business of the two families
This you
Don't you agree?
Never mind.
Wait, I agree, okay?